Nangong Qin, as the commander-in-chief of the three armed forces
Using power for personal gain to cover up Qin's father
I, Wang Zhaorong, am the founding father of the country
The name of British Kung Fu
Command the whole city to be like you, the nine clans of adulterers and adulterers
To serve the demon
I once thought that one day I would offend the powerful
What's the end?
It's a pity that no one bets on us at this size.
And you are even less qualified
Unbridled humming
Miss Su and Miss Wang are not eligible
The old man wrote in the first history of the judge
Do I have the right to pity you?
Wu Song
Plus my Ministry of Household Affairs
One sentence can make you even lose the Jianji
Qualified enough
Not far enough
Wang Guiying and the others are the four major families in the capital
It's all monstrous
You say they are not qualified to help you
I think you have eaten bear heart and leopard gall
Not to mention these four families
Don't add up all of you here
I don't even look
Okay
Then let me try it at home.
Are you qualified to execute your nine clans?
I am not a wolf Liu Fushan Ruyi to kill your nine clans
Justice Majority Anchor Corner-1